let me bring you up to speed so last
night was a Stanley Cup Finals hey K the
super bowl of hockey it was the
Vancouver Canucks against the Boston
Bruins and well we lost Thank who were
lost I know it sucks we lost in Game
seven in our hometown and it sucks it's
devastating but it's just talking it's
just hockey and being from Vancouver I
know even saying that is blasphemy but
that's not what I want to talk about
today what I want to talk about today is
the right yes what happens after the
game being the mature Vancouverites we
are actually lost the stanley cup finals
at home we decided hey let's go riot
that's all right that's what we do
that's apparently what we do I'm talking
about windows being smashed people being
up gang fights mayhem on the streets
cars being turned over cars being torch
stores being looted looting Rick over a
hockey game come on people come on what
is this really what Weaver's or two and
I don't want to swear but is this really
what we resort to we are better than
this we are so much better than this I'm
embarrassed for my city Vancouver is
consistently one of the top-rated places
in the world to live it is one of the
most beautiful cities in the world to
live and it's stuff like this happens
come on guys now this isn't even really
surprising police were on hand for this
because hey you know what it's happening
before we have a history of rioting 88
the Olympics you don't remember that
maybe maybe kind of yeah rioting is what
we do what we do hey you know what we do
but why why are we riding we're not
revolting against our government like
other rides taking place in the world so
fellow Vancouverites please take a chill
pill it's the world's not ending where
we're not in an apocalyptic war zone
where you must loot to survive because
all bees are coming after us
that's not what's happening it's just
talking okay just talking and please no
more Canadian American team name country
bashing what ru middle school year God
and to the rest of the world on behalf
of Vancouver I deeply apologize for the
acts of a few very immature individuals
that once you take something like this
down the cap that's supposed to be such
a joyous wonderful occasion even though
we don't win and turn it into well what
what what it is now so that's all that's
just my two cents and thanks so much for
watching Oh catch you guys later bye